And now for something completed.
Hey Luigi,
[Music]
can we rent that balloon?
Watch the red blood.
[Music]
Don't you have any flare for the
dramatic?
My Little Ponies. Why don't you join us?
We need an extra
[__]
Hey,
hey, hey.
[Music]
He's
going to strike.
In the middle of the night,
it's true.
Give me more soldiers, noble leader,
that they may shave their swords and the
beating horse are enemies. Give me
better to the ships your excellency and
watch the seas turn red with blood. We
don't give a [__] what you say right
about now we're under
a [__] what you say right about now
and
so
So, you're going to read Plato's Myth of
the Cave. I've got to warn you, it's not
easy.
[Music]
Before
you explore, there are a few things you
should know.
[Music]
Tennessee. You're a ghost living in my
pocket haunting my memory. You're the
best of every game I've ever
knel
[Music]
Believe in you.
2.
[Music]
I believe in you.
I'll be waiting in the
mess, but I miss you.
to blame
the
I don't know any other way.
[Music]
Know what we say
like we're in
my
station.
[Music]
All right, P. Do my best.
Do my best, bro.
[Music]
Is silver coming back for promise
complex? I hope so.
[Music]
Silver has been really, really, really
busy and going through a lot of stuff.
I really want to get them up here cuz
they still haven't been to Portland. We
actually I we actually haven't seen each
other in person since 2019 now. though.
Silver was making coffee. It's true.
Um,
hey everyone.
Hey everyone. Um,
yeah, I'd love to see Silver soon. Um,
problem is my sleep schedule as well cuz
you know
my goddamn sleep schedule.
Um,
I don't know how to fix this [__]
Yeah. So, for important we meet a rival,
too. We have so many arrivals. I'm going
to show the arrivals. Hold on. I'll show
the arrivals.
I got to gather the arrivals.
[Applause]
Where are my [__] arrivals?
Let Let me make an arrival folder.
We got to make an arrival folder
[Applause]
cuz this will have them all chron
chronologically
arrival for be like
apple bottom jeans
boots with the fur.
Apple.
Wait, is this an arrival? That is an
arrival. Yeah,
that's an arrival. That's not an
arrival. Not an arrival at all.
Just getting the arrivals together.
So [__] ready. What the [__]
So many arrivals. Okay.
Okay.
There's literally so many [__]
arrivals.
I think I have all of them. Okay, cool.
My arrival folder. Okay, here's my
arrival folder.
You're released.
I was eating. I'm eating crackers.
Oh, my arch nemesis sees.
I like being in the cage, though.
Wait.
Okay. Okay. Let's Here are the arrivals.
Here are the arrivals.
[Music]
Oh, during Love and Pony Step, where you
switch between vids and your own voice,
can it be viewed as switching in and out
of character or is it like not that
deep? Um, okay. So, it's a little bit
weird for Love and Pony Step. Um,
whether it's my voice or Vid's voice,
it's usually like because
both Lulaoon and Vid as well as myself
have very similar struggles and things
throughout the album. So it's sort of
interchangeable. You could perceive one
as the other and one is the other, etc.,
etc., etc. The only time
where the voices really the duality
really matters is at the end of
Dragonfly and uh throughout Love and
Pony Step, the title track.
Otherwise, it's you it's pretty
interchangeable as to who is actually
who. Anyway, here are the arrivals.
[Music]
This is a Moonlight Close special.
So shut up be funny.
[Music]
Oh [__] Wait, wait a minute.
I was going to say I don't think they
can see it. They can't see it.
Yeah, they can't. Hold on.
Hold on. Well, okay. Before Before I go
back and do these, hold on.
Arrival pre-screening.
I found the brony hat.
I thought I got rid of this.
I still have it.
This is real.
A haunted cursed ass object
and it's licensed.
This is real. Should I start wearing
this again? I don't look good in
snapbacks anymore because my [__]
hair is so long and it makes my head
look so much bigger than it is now. So
very unfortunate, but I still keep them.
I used to love wearing snap bags. Used
to be a very big personality trait.
Okay.
[Music]
Oh, wait. And also
CLA classic. I don't know. The the lemon
lemon lemon hot cheetos are like
everything for me right now.
Per robins everything to me.
[Music]
Filipino with a snapback is a very
specific vibe. Yeah, we were we were
talking about this like a stream or two
ago.
Like being being a Filipino American
during the 2010s, you just had a
snapback. It's like kind of just like
you're you're sort of born with one.
Actually,
[Music]
can I find can I find like the most
insect cuz Okay, sorry. We're supposed
to be watching the arrivals right now,
but I'm going to see if I can find the
one where I was wearing the hat really,
really [__] high
cuz it's like a really good photo. I'll
see if there's anything interesting
along the way.
Um,
probably just before
uh my middle school graduation.
Actually, I took a photo of this a long
time ago. This Okay, this part of my
folder is from 2013, like the summer of
2013. I still I still want to find this
[__] hat.
We saw it. Um,
God, I don't remember where it was. It
was somewhere
north of San Francisco, I think.
We were at some place and I went to the
store and I saw this hat. I was like to
my parents, could I get this? And
they're like, "Fuck no, why is it so
flagged?" Cuz it's a snapback.
Go Giants. Yeah, I'm a Giants fan at
heart, even though I don't give a [__]
about sports. Um, anyway,
there are some like really good like old
There are some like really good
like old My Little Pony memes in here.
It's one of these.
I was just saving these left and right.
You can you can absolutely tell what era
this iPad is from.
So [__] good. Um
Oh, there is Ultraviolet.
Oh, yay.
This is original OC.
Um,
I can't can't deal with some of these.
Where the [__] is like the weird There's
like a really weird snapback photo. It's
like really good.
Oh, here we go. Here we go. Here we go.
Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here
we go. This [__] photo is insane to
me.
Why do I look like a mushroom clown?
Why is there like a gym you work out at?
Where is it?
What gym do you work out at?
The library.
This photo is crazy. I thought I looked
so cool in this photo. I promise. I
thought I looked so cool in this photo.
I don't know. Everyone was like that.
Everyone was like that.
Um, but at the very at least we have
this one.
At least there's this
[__] whatever.
The sinking cap
and this one. I still have braces.
Apparently those didn't do any good. My
bottom row is still [__] up.
Can Where the [__] Hold on. I got to
find the one with me. though.
If if possible,
if possible, I got to find the one with
miso.
I don't know how how possible it truly
is.
Oh, here's a good everyone who knows the
[__] comet lore now. I guess you can
look at this.
This is going to be funny to be like 10
people who like read the booklet.
Wow.
It's like an image.
It's kind of like an image.
That's of course where where this where
this got this photo in here. Love the
lock lock screen situation going on.
Man, I don't know if I can find this
photo
in a reasonable amount of time.
Oh, no. That No, that's just That says
Dylan Francis in my in my photos.
What?
What was this?
Guess who
is that?
What does this have to do with anything?
Is that
I guess I'm guessing
I guess. Huh?
Does he make his own music?
No. Keeps all of them flipped up.
Where?
Okay. No, wait. This is this is this is
uh this this is going to be tough.
Come on. Oh, there it is. There it is. I
found it. So, there's this really really
good image, right?
There's like this really good image. I
don't know what what I don't Okay, so I
Okay, in this one, I definitely didn't
think I looked cool. This one was
supposed to be silly, but then I did
this to my cat.
Oh.
Oh,
it's like really kind.
I guess
a
I also don't know what I also don't know
what I was thinking with like the
buzzcut look
cuz like my hair is naturally
interesting.
I don't know why I decided I think I was
like I don't know. I don't know what's
going on. But that was a whole
situation. I was like almost bald.
There's like not really
violet pony. Bald violet pod is a
concept.
Uh here. Yeah.
Wait, I have a screenshot of when
Winter's End went live. What?
That's crazy.
Is there anything else of note here
before I move on?
It's hard to find photos of me not
wearing hats
cuz that's like all I did was that's
like that was like my entire personality
for a while.
And now I like never wear them anymore.
Not even like a beanie or whatever.
Yeah. No, it's sort of just all it's
just sort of hat life
making a bald violet variant. It's
really crazy cuz you can see my hold on
cuz like
I go to my IG or whatever. Like
okay, you know what? The one hat I do be
wearing is the [__] the cadency one.
But
um that's just cuz it's fun.
Uh
like it's so funny. I didn't I never had
I hadn't grown my hair long before. So,
I didn't know my hair could like have
the consistency that it does
cuz um my hair would basically be short
and it would be straight and then the
longer I get the curlier it get. And I
didn't I didn't like think about
like what is a good none of these are
really good photos or whatever but not
showing my hair specifically but
oh whatever man just
I didn't know if my hair could grow out
that that way and so I was just like
I never I never had it long until like
2018 2019.
I guess this is something, but that's
not even show how long it is. Whatever.
Um
arrival.
[Music]
Whatever.
Okay, this was this is this is where
Cinder Corey was in the mix beforehand.
It was just me and and Moonlight Glow
just yelling at each other through
these, but then Cinder Corey jumped in
with this one
with these two technically.
[Music]
Oh, and then then this is where these
three were Cindery and then Tracy came
in.
Gets us home. Feeling
This was dishy
[Music]
cuz it's the best one.
And this was also Tracy
gets us home. Feeling
[Music]
then this was me.
Who's the person in the videos? It's
silver.
That is silver stripe. Izzy.
[Music]
It moves.
This was Moonlight though. I think
like Thanks. I guess
that's mine again.
Wait, is it? Yeah.
Okay. And that's here's where my donuts
came into the mix. So,
um,
your donuts.
Cinder. Okay. Cinder Corey just decided
to send me this, but with it just said
my donuts and the the the black and
white filter. And for whatever reason,
that broke me. I I couldn't stand it.
I did this with it.
by your side.
I added the side this the song by uh the
Beths by your uh by your side or
whatever it's called.
[Music]
[Applause]
And that's where to be by your donuts
came from. Like we're we're this many
steps in and that's where to be by your
donuts came from. to be by your donuts.
And then I don't I don't know what this
was, but Sicy sent this back.
I I don't know what's going on here.
[Applause]
[Music]
Like it Oh, and then Tracy real. Is this
Is this like not just YouTube poop
tennis?
It is kind of YouTube poop tennis if you
think about it.
Um, and then Tracy came back into the
mix with this one.
[Music]
And this is the same thing. I think I
accidentally double saved it. Okay, I
know this is irrelevant. This is just a
separate thing.
It's also silver still.
[Music]
Okay. And then there's what is this one?
Did I do this one? It's just it's just
it's just the this one. It's just this.
I threw my phone into the sea.
Simple human being. Wouldn't know how to
brush my teeth without asking my teeth.
Living in the after
of everything you feel.
Okay, that's irrelevant. Back to this.
Then Cinder came in with this one again.
teeth.
[Music]
Oh, and then
then was I don't remember this was me. I
think this was me taking one of Fluffy's
videos and we did this with it.
There's a vulnerable bitterness to how
people who would once laugh and mock you
in the past. Now all of a sudden
[Music]
now all Now all of a sudden
and then I I've was it um
who did this one
I think I think this is like
I know Baddy did one
this was this was Batty and Percy was
it?
I don't know.
I think they collabed on this one.
[Music]
Open Star.
Gang Star.
That cat is really good.
Okay, that's just duplicate. This is
duplicate. And then I did this to it.
Wait, no. Where's my um where's my
[__] burial? Hold on.
This is missing my burial.
You usually get that after you die.
No. Yeah, but no. But wait,
my joke.
It's missing my burial.
No, it's not.
Was it a rival X? Okay, it was a rival
X.
[Music]
And then, okay, I'm missing also the the
Cinderorey development on Arrival X.
That's June 2nd, 2025. And then let me
go to
this one. Okay. Here's here's here's
Cinderorey's development on Arrival X.
[Music]
My donuts.
[__] My Donuts is back. Like, we're
so deep into this now.
Um, and then here's Arrival Reloaded.
I did this one.
[Music]
Oh my god. And here's a Rival Pro Max.
This one's good.
There's There's also a duplicate of the
video just like sitting here, by the
way.
And then Arrival again.
Oh, this is I think this is also a Batty
Percy collab.
No.
Oh god.
And then this is this is a baddy one.
[Music]
So
that's the ar those are the arrivals.
So, I don't really like Okay, I don't
really know how to explain
what what and why. It's just like
again this this photo of Silver is like
so pleasant. Like it's it's such like a
pleasant neutral smile, but then also
just like the accidentally eating their
hair
is like really funny. Like this is this
is such a like a sly knowing smile.
It's like I' I've always loved this.
This this photo is from 2016, by the
way. So this is this almost a
10-year-old photo. Um
but it it's just it's just really funny
to me.
So I just started with like wanting to
do something with the photo. Now there
is a little bit of more lore because I
do have a few other like photos
Um, the very first photo in my meme
folder is this is is this is also of
silver.
It's so
Oh, that's like a departure type photo.
It's a kind of departure, but it's
technically new photos. So, um, what's
going on here is,
um, this is this was screenshotted from
my iPad in 2015. So, this one is 10
years old. Um, and when I got home at
some point, cuz we we were out at warped
tour that year
and I took a photo of when there was
like some confetti
going on and it got in like Silver's
glasses and for some [__] reason,
this was the photo my iPad selected to
show as the new as one of as the like
representation of all my new photos for
the day.
They haven't stopped thinking about this
for like a long time.
Like there's just a lot of really good
Silver moments.
Silver is like intentionally or
unintentionally really funny and really
photogenic
until something like this happens.
So, I don't know.
Um,
man, frame it. I should I really should
I should frame it.
But um,
but like but like with the Gnom style
cat in the corner.
Yeah.
And with the room around us above us.
Where is that thing?
[Applause]
There's that thing.
Stop.
I'm such a big fan of it.
I mean, I love this.
Yeah. Sorry.
Oh,
I didn't I didn't mean to.
Yeah. I mean, now it's here. So,
all right.
Kind of just lives around.
Oh, this thing that Tracy showed earlier
today.
Oh, I love him. Happy.
How do I get rid of it? Get rid of what?
The cat.
Oh, wait. This This is also really
sweet.
[Applause]
It's it's it's cute. It's like it's like
watching a It's like watching an
aquarium. You know what I mean?
Yeah.
It's like watching an aquarium.
Yes.
Yeah. H
that airs on TB and they're so He's
Irish, but why? They're so bad.
He's Irish, but why?
Okay,
let's let's pull the cute car world.
All right.
Don't know what that is.
Is that the that's the end of
on the sea?
Whoa, I'm wrong. Okay. Oh, it's
Oh, well,
whatever.
Sure.
[Music]
Mhm.
fleeting. Sure. We have a few to go over
because of uh Oh, no. Never mind.
How much effort do you put into your
music? Not really any.
She actually uses AI to generate all of
Sorry.
Not even funny as a joke. It's not.
I should know what this is, but I'm
forgetting.
Is this a
No.
Oh, it's Polaroid. Same thing.
[Music]
Wait, what? Oh, graffiti.
[__]
Which one is it? 2014. Yeah, I can talk
to the kick drum.
[__]
How do you make the good sounding stuff
if there's no effort in it? I'm going to
buy your whole library. I don't make
music.
What the [__] a music?
I don't even know what that is. It's
just noise.
even a fan.
The more you play this, the more that uh
clip of like uh what is it? Dr. Robotnik
from the cartoon series like holding
that graduation.
you know go back in like the YouTube
poop everybody's like holding the the uh
you know
he's like in the graduation cabin
holding the little uh certificate
and and like people just keep looping
that specific scene that goes
I know what you're talking about
I don't know what this is
I'm only a Violet Pony fan for the
arrival I don't really listen to music
for the arrival. The arrival. The
arrival.
As usual, I see.
What the hell is this?
It
just put the arrival down.
Um
Um,
[Applause]
okay. Not that
strange world,
I guess.
Okay. Well, that's that.
What are we doing today? We are doing uh
one one shot actually.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Relax about it. In fact,
too bad. I'm only going to be seeing
like
literally have my Nico plushy right
here.
I got to add the Huh? What? What? What
[Music]
hello. Okay. Let me let me give it
permissions to like hack my computer
really quickly.
Oh yeah, you need to let it do that.
Yeah, it's going to be doing some stuff
like your credit card might be put on
you the whole you know
it is going to talk to you is the thing.
Yeah.
Is it?
No. No, not really. No.
If it did, I don't think it would be
like available anywhere.
Also, yeah, this is uh her first play
through. This is going to be my first
time even seeing it.
If any of you spoil anything, I'm going
to get you.
I'm going to get you.
Oh, spoilers. And Nico gets like an orb.
Where is
Oh, Pico. I'm going to have to kill you
for this.
Oh.
Oh,
where is my stream audio? Oh, computer
audio. Is it here?
Okay, wait. I'm having trouble here cuz
it's uh
Oh, my cats are being odd.
It's not picking up the audio on my loot
back.
H.
See,
he's Irish. But why?
Wait, someone asked a really good
question. Will you play Will you play
Puppets Fizzeria? Yes or no?
Yes. No.
Thank god.
Uh,
it's like straight up not allowing me to
take the audio from this game and put it
in the stream.
Hm.
I don't know why I've never streamed
this game.
Uh
[Music]
um
DRM protected audio.
I should have tried to sort this
earlier.
So strange.
Where is the audio coming from then?
I wonder if I can use uh
audio hijack.
Play Rocket League. No,
let's do
Huh.
thinking
play red again. I mean, I probably will.
Let me try. Okay, let me do something
here.
I'll duplicate these scenes.
[Applause]
I'll now mute my computer audio
and then create a
oneshot device
and
should be just
I do this.
Wait.
Or or is it pass or do we do pass
through actually
or
I don't remember.
Play two shot.
That might do it.
Oh [__]
We needed to go to
Um,
hold on. I have to look this up, I
think. Hold on.
I have to do send path through from
audio hijack to loop back. Is it
I mean there is no
Okay, wait. I got this.
Wait. And then I can Oh, you know what I
can just do actually?
remove this
and then go to here and then do turn
these back on.
Then through computer audio
which is up here I'll put a pass through
which is this
turn this off and
yeah and then just have the where the
[__] did pass through go?
Where's the passer? So then I do
this here.
And wait, that's not the right one. I
need to use streaming.
I'm smart.
Pass through here.
And now I do this.
Wait. And then I do this.
And you should you should hear it now.
[__] Holy [__] This is a very
convoluted process.
[Music]
That echo to it though.
Yeah, I do. There is an echo. So, let me
turn off uh
[Music]
Oh, yeah. Yeah,
that's fine. I can I'm good muting this
stream. I know what the music sounds
like.
[Music]
Uh-huh.
Sorry, I muted up my microphone instead
of everything else. Um,
[Music]
actually
Wait, hold on.
Using my big fat brain really quickly.
I might be able to reduce the echo if I
do
[Music]
if I do duplicate this again and just do
um
Okay, wait. Let me let me let me see if
I can fix this.
I'll do um
I'll do this again.
Change the computer audio source to
uh
[Music]
and then run this to this.
Okay.
Can everyone hear me? And can everyone
hear the music of the game right now?
[Music]
Stardust, if you speak, can you speak?
Hi.
Can everyone hear Stardust?
Ambigo.
Let me turn everything down really
quickly.
I think that should that Okay, this
should work. Really scuffed setup to
just play one shot, but here we go.
I can't full screen. Is that fine?
Uh,
yes.
Oh, I can full screen.
[Music]
Okay, here we go.
Shift
S.
Okay.
[Music]
Did it say closing the game saves your
progress?
Yeah.
Hold on.
I just wanted to get out of full screen
mode.
I wonder if I can change this to like a
black background maybe
or like a neutral background
maybe
like that. Is that fun?
Yeah.
Yeah. We're in the dark.
Okay.
kind of really tiny for us though.
Yeah,
nice on Discord.
Yeah, cuz you have that ultra white.
Yeah.
[Music]
This very tiny.
Yeah, everyone's saying it's way small.
What resolution is this? Is this It's
not a square, is it?
Yeah, it's not a square. It's like 4x3.
Um,
can we do uh some launch options on this
instead?
Let's
do
Um,
16 by 1200 maybe.
Let's try that and see what happens.
Oh, that doesn't do anything. Oh,
okay.
Not a fan of this.
Okay, I might have to play this in full
screen, unfortunately.
Yeah, I will say full screen doesn't
like I don't believe you miss anything.
It just later elements of the game
require you to dig around in the files a
little bit. So that's why
dig around in the files like the game
files.
Don't worry about it yet.
Okay.
Okay. Whatever.
I have two monitors.
Nico, you're fine.
[Music]
Hello.
Wait, did I miss it?
Oh, wait. Yeah,
[Music]
I see that.
No, stop it. What was the order?
Yellow, red, green, blue.
So it starts with two.
Stop. Help.
Stop. Let me skip the dialogue to get to
the thing.
Two.
[Music]
And then
seven is red. Six is green.
[Music]
What is that sound from?
Where do I know that sound from?
That's weird.
[Music]
Hi
Okay.
Where did I get that name from?
Uh, I believe it pulls from whatever
like your username in your computer is.
Is that my username?
I don't know. I don't remember. It's
been a while.
It's not that. Where is it pulling that
in from?
Don't worry about it. It's not gross.
[Music]
first thing on my Mac probably
is it
my computer's name is Troutmonger.
[Music]
Tenna. Huh?
It's lit. Nico,
Nico, we got to go in.
[Music]
Nico, did I drink that?
Thanks.
[Music]
Oh, very kind.
Just if I shovel.
Yeah, that's literally what I was
thinking.
[Music]
What are you
light bulb?
Oh
[Music]
god, he go so cute.
I'm sorry. I'm I'm like really curious
where I got the name from. Uh
operating system username because but
it's like not my OB Zelda isn't my
operating system username.
We're going to trout monger.
So it's like
I pulled it from your website or
something.
Eat this. Oh, never mind.
had infinitum.
Well, I have this light bulb. If you're
playing the Steam version, it uh pulls
from your Steam account.
Is it Zelda on Steam? I don't know.
As in like not your public.
Oh, I I say I say
Oh, I have this light bulb.
I can give you a hint if you would need
one.
No, it's okay. Okay.
Can I throw it out the window?
I see a little ring around Nico. That's
fun.
[Music]
Undertale.
[__] I'm blind.
Okay.
[Music]
Okay. Well, now I have to go to bed.
Okay. Good night.
Okay. Gummy.
Good night.
[Music]
I fight you in Fortnite every day.
Hey,
hey,
hey.
Huh?
What?
Transitional.
Oh, I see.
Yeah.
I thought it was specifically that
thing.
It was just the area.
God, I love the like starlight pools.
They're really pretty.
Yeah. Green. That is not green.
It's green past where you can see. Oh,
it's got like a green component to it.
Baba
[Music]
Hey,
hey,
hey.
Hey,
[Music]
piles of Azrael's dust.
Not really.
Oh, the air here is unbreathable.
Oh, so it's like Baker's.
Oh, so it's like Los Angeles. Yeah.
[Music]
My son
Ah,
heat.
[Music]
Nico doesn't want to have anything to do
with this.
Nico sad about the world dying.
Oh, I couldn't tell.
I thought it was a difference.
Oh, okay.
[Music]
Oh,
stop yelling at me.
Help.
You're god. You're god, by the way.
I don't want to be. I want to die.
Don't.
What's good?
Yeah,
that is not how my name lets you change
your name.
Can I change it to Skrillex?
Yeah.
[Music]
I'll just say this.
Gras like or Zelda is like for business.
They're like calling me my business
name.
[Music]
You're Jesus.
Yeah. Anyway, you're God and Nico is
Jesus.
Okay,
sure.
[Music]
Yeah, I can.
Excellent.
I read that in baddy voice.
Yeah.
[Music]
Yeah. Damn [__]
This is a people
racist
11.
Okay, fair enough.
I have not been tamed.
[Music]
Don't
Don't walk away from me.
[Music]
I'm not allowed to answer.
Yeah, Nico, you're [__] stuck with
me.
[Music]
Dusty shelves. Dusty shelves.
You know how we shove it.
Dusty.
Nico, guess what?
There's five new positions at the mines.
You can fit into small spaces. Here's a
pickaxe.
I love random small objects having
collision.
Yeah, it's really kind.
[Music]
Sorry.
Well,
we'll need to flatten it. Flatten the
pipe.
Genius.
Oh, these are the
Yeah. Okay. Okay.
Classic. Classic.
Wait, this is just like the end from
Minecraft.
Yeah.
Map of the entire [__] world. Just
the whole thing is right here. Wait,
this looks like a Swans album cover.
Anyway,
okay, let's flatten the rod.
[Music]
Okay.
Yeah, scared them up with the bottle.
[Music]
big rectangle.
goes in the square hole.
[Music]
You could go back.
Okay.
What are we doing here?
[Music]
Okay.
Just ahead. Yikes.
You're fine.
Happy 11.
Yeah. Well,
happy be so kind.
I was I was in the trenches when I was
11, so you know.
Yeah. I know. And he goes in the mines.
What about it?
[Music]
Hey,
[__]
[__] What am I doing? Okay,
it's like fine.
Can I like lick the glass off?
I'm hungry.
Is the music getting louder?
[Music]
All
right, Nico, you're going into the
poison swamp once we get you a mask. I
know you're excited about that.
[Music]
I feel like she's judging everything I
do.
She's saying skill under skill issue
under her breath every 10 seconds.
No, Nicole's nice.
Oh, Nico uses they them. Oh, my bad. Per
per the creator on Twitter, uh, Nico
uses any pronouns.
Sun issue.
Nico is just Nico pronouns.
Nico, use the pill for wheel.
Yeah,
[Music]
you're fine. Okay, whatever.
Breathe.
It's like fine.
It's not going to kill them.
Well, not really. If you think about it,
you know why? Why?
Cuz the game doesn't let me go there.
That's why. See, I thought ahead.
Uhhuh.
[Music]
This place has like very inconvenient
like
landscapes.
Yeah.
It's almost like lobsters weren't
designed to live here
or like cosmic snails or whatever they
are. shrimp.
Oh,
these these area transitions are a
little confusing.
Yeah, they're a little wonky.
It's cuz they're lucky.
[Music]
That was kind of rude.
Hello
[Music]
No, I'm a person.
Silver.
Yeah,
I finally found him. The oobleless
trigger.
It's no use, right? Yeah.
Shadow.
Hello, Sonic.
[Music]
Robots.
Robots like robots.
Uh oh. Oh.
[Music]
He's
so kind.
[Music]
[Applause]
chest forward.
Fight me. Fight me. Fight me. Fight me.
Let me let me let me. I know how to play
this game.
[Music]
[__]
You want to play chess with God?
Do you want to play chess with God? I
don't know if you I don't know if you
know this, but God has like 700 on
chess.com, so you know.
[Music]
Hop in the pony. Nico,
do you have any snacks?
[Music]
We're good, thanks.
I think it's really cute that as soon as
Nico learns that you're here, they start
using we
Yeah, it's it's it's it's kind
what what
[Music]
said, "Do not be careful in there.
I bet it's silver.
[Music]
Okay, Nico,
we care so much.
She's just a little baby.
There's like a kindness to it.
[Music]
Yeah, I know it's not right. I know.
to be Nico to be kind.
[Music]
Nico wasn't saying about that about the
robots before.
Yeah.
[Music]
Oh, this is the Oh, it's fine.
Who and why? Dex.
Hello, Dex.
Oh, that's
That's quite early.
[Music]
We need like a mask.
They're sleeping.
Oh,
Zori.
[Music]
Hello.
Oh.
This is his sweet
lovely dream.
[Music]
Huh?
Yeah, that's me. That's us right now.
[Music]
I wish I had a map.
Okay, Mo, bro.
Oh, no way down. Yeah, I forgot the
mouse cursor was there.
[Music]
Do you want to hint?
Not yet.
[Music]
Oh, I see.
That's why you're alive.
[Music]
What gave us the battery?
Battery didn't do anything.
Phillips head screwdriver.
I am using the arrow keys. Yes.
[Music]
Well, sorry.
Funny.
[Music]
They're scared of the machine.
Who is Philip? Philip Banks.
[Music]
Oh yeah, the code. The code's a thing.
No alcohol for the robot.
[Music]
I think I've seen everywhere I can go
without.
[Music]
Well, it feels like I have
this maze area. I'm not sure.
[Music]
Yeah, cuz you hate this area.
H
As if it's not filled with deadly gas.
No, I'd win.
Okay. So,
nothing to do in here probably.
So, it's all going to be localized in
this one area.
[Music]
piles of Azriel shelves.
Oh.
Hello. Um, hold on.
[Music]
Hey,
hey, hey.
[Music]
Hey,
hey,
hey.
Hey,
[Music]
hey,
hey.
[Music]
Hey,
hey, hey.
[Music]
You did the puzzle.
Oh my god, Gastra.
Sorry,
I got excited.
It's okay.
This feels like a Tim Schaefer game a
little bit.
Sorry,
not fun.
[Music]
Babas,
I am functional. I can walk.
Me applying for jobs.
Did you?
Yeah, sure.
[Music]
Okay. Well, the babas are awake.
Hey,
no hints or spoilers.
Oh, I'm not reading. Yeah.
[Music]
Surely
that powered the entire area.
Dishy 1, dishy 2, dishy 3, dishy four,
dishy 5, dishy 6, dishy 7, dishy 8,
dishy nine, dishy 10.
And there it is.
It's my friend Dishy.
Do indeed relax about it, Dishy.
These babas are so nice.
So many even very many of you are died.
Yeah, it's almost like the world's dying
or something.
I hate that. I would do something else.
[Music]
Okay, dishes dabbing in chat. Are we
going to do something about that?
Uh,
no.
I would.
What's your prerogative?
Yeah. Well, and that's not your
prerogative, right? Think about it.
Ribbit. Exactly.
That's the ticket.
Hi
[Music]
No, I just want to tell you I did
something cool, but whatever.
[Music]
Safety violation.
They have no big doinks and Amish.
[Music]
Okay, time to go to the boat. The the
robot. The ro the robot. The robots.
Right.
Right. Isn't that's what it's called? Or
right.
[__] came to disagree with the tier
list.
You can disagree with the tier list.
You came to say, "Yeah, cutie mark
should be lower.
[Music]
angry about Paradise Valley. What do you
think Paradise Valley should be?
Hello, bro.
I am functional.
[Music]
Oh, so close.
Almost him.
[Music]
Rusty, huh?
Food sucks, huh?
[Music]
How do I fix rust?
Well, I didn't open that one box yet.
Oh, hi.
[Music]
It's like you read my mind or something.
Do I Do you understand what that means,
Gwen?
[Music]
Yes.
Am I looking through files now? Gaba
[Music]
Hey,
hey, hey.
[Music]
Arya
files of files. Put that over there for
now. Um,
[Music]
hey,
do Do I open this?
Uh, check your documents folder.
Hey
[Music]
33 4498
Yeah, I know.
Yes.
Stop yelling at me. I'm like,
yeah, I know. I know.
I'm just trying to full screen, man.
Okay,
I already forgot the number. Hold on.
334498.
[Music]
Hey. Hey.
me.
You
[Music]
Hello.
That's like fine.
[Music]
Nico puts it on.
Oh, this is just like tunic.
[Music]
Next set. Wa wa. Waba waba.
Discard
[Music]
is echoing through the discard stream.
She knows there was issue getting the
game audio.
Yeah, it's complicated.
Oh, I see.
[Music]
my army.
It's the pronoun soldiers.
Yeah.
[Music]
key change.
Oh, the Messiah.
Yeah, that was like very casual.
[Music]
Okay,
another day then.
[Music]
113.
Drink it.
[Music]
This is a problem.
Well,
[Music]
Whoa.
Sorry.
Gwen makes me Nico do a microaggression.
[Music]
Hello organic person who is alive.
That it This
[Music]
heat.
Nico plays with acid.
Yay.
I have no I have no other choice.
[Music]
Oh, help.
[Laughter]
[Music]
Yes. Yes. Yes. Oh, I don't actually get
to play chess.
Nico gets to play chess.
[Music]
Nico didn't uh bring out the juicer.
Now both the juicers are gone.
[Music]
Hop in the pony.
I would have won.
[Music]
Oh. Mhm.
We're in green. Mhm.
[Music]
Go and be green about it.
It's fine.
[Music]
I couldn't move for a second.
What?
[Music]
What are you?
Okay.
[Music]
You're doing such a good job.
Nico not going to comment on these
trees.
There's trees.
Yeah. Yeah.
But is Nico not going to say anything
about them?
No.
[Music]
Well, don't like don't be mad about me
about it,
Baba.
[Music]
I know.
Hi.
[Music]
health.
I don't know what the most easily
accessible place on my machine is.
Desktop.
It's not on my desktop though.
Is it? Uh, let me double check.
Oh, hey, that was my wallpaper, dude.
I was I was looking literally on my
desktop like files. I like it didn't see
it.
Oh, I see.
Okay.
[Music]
Okay. But what does this mean?
You'll need it for a thing.
It's a surprise tool for later. I feel
like this character is nefarious.
Which one? The one yelling at me all the
time.
Thanks for Okay. Thanks, man.
Jump over.
[Music]
my [__] wallpaper.
You can put it back later. It's fine.
It's nice. It was like a beach. I don't
need I don't need a desktop wallpaper.
That's cool. Getting darker. Darker yet
darker still.
[Music]
I don't like the prospect of this.
It's fine. You're being kind.
[Music]
But are the blocks gone?
Well, no. Blocks and vines are two
different things.
Yeah, but maybe they're interwoven.
[Music]
What is that?
Ara.
That's the goat.
[Music]
my desktop.
Oh.
[Music]
Yay.
Okay, I guess you can follow me.
You have a friend.
What was the other place with the vines?
[Music]
I just have the urge to make a cozy
farming game right now.
[Music]
No, you make music, not games. remember?
I'm only going to do one thing.
Yeah, that was the the joke.
That was the junk, right? Cuz it was the
junk. The junkler, if you remember that.
Yeah. Like the jester.
[Music]
Good work.
I'm with Gwen.
[Music]
Are you evil
moss?
It's a mossling.
[Music]
phosphor trees.
Well, yeah. Water samples.
[Music]
So kind.
It's a really good It's a good bit.
Yeah.
[Music]
Oh, you know what other game had a
feather?
No, Celeste.
Oh, right.
[Music]
I eat them raw.
Fish.
[Music]
[Applause]
I don't remember where anything is.
[Music]
Oh, it's just us
Can I have my thing back?
[Music]
Yeah, no problem.
Guess not.
[Music]
I just think they're neat.
There's like an eyeball.
[Music]
Yeah. Does that look familiar?
Yeah. It looks like the symbol that
destroyed my wallpaper.
[Music]
in like a really kind way.
What's your wrong with you?
[Music]
Yeah,
There I am.
[Music]
[Applause]
Ah,
[Music]
there
ah. Ah,
[Music]
[__]
Ah,
[Music]
man. Uh,
the the goat
[Music]
the Oh,
the goat of it all.
[Music]
[Applause]
Okay.
You've provided a great service for all
of Ram Kind. You [__] Why would you
say that?
[Music]
Now announcing
moonlight glow.
Set.
[Music]
They just added wallpapers to Firefox.
What are you talking about? You talking
about being
Thank you. I'm glad you think so.
[Music]
oats.
Wow.
Huh?
What?
What just happened?
Wava.
[Music]
Discord's really good.
Did we just attack?
I'm in the tower.
You wouldn't happen to have a twin,
would you?
[Music]
Oh, wait.
Well,
[Music]
I have a feather.
Oh, wait. I wonder
[Music]
Wakey wakey. Thank you.
Okay. Good. You're not a [__] baby
anymore.
I am.
Where the [__] is that?
Where the [__] is that Walmart
that way past? Is it up here?
I don't know. I'm really bad at
navigating.
Here's
[Music]
the Walmart.
Okay, now I can finally win.
[Music]
These things remind me of uh 2001 of
Space Odyssey.
[Music]
Are you dead yet? Are you dead yet?
We're going to kill you now. Right.
Be so kind, Zoie.
Popcorn.
[Music]
Oh.
Hi.
[Music]
Hey.
[Applause]
Chicago
pink world.
Okay then.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
Well,
[Music]
Well, you did just walk into their h
What are you?
Hello.
[Music]
Okay.
What?
[Music]
Aren't you a robot?
Everything's so green back there.
[Music]
It's Betsy.
It's a Roomba.
[Music]
Yay.
We can ride the Roomba, though. That's
fine.
[Music]
You love it.
glowy left.
No moonlight glow image.
Don't worry about it.
[Music]
Moonlight Moonlight glow image.
It's so It's so It's so
wow.
Just wow.
[Music]
Um
so if I quit the game now, it saves,
right?
It should. Yeah.
Okay. I think I'm
I think I'll stop here cuz it's been
like 3 hours. I'm feeling kind of tired.
So, I'll continue our next stream, I
think.
Yeah. But
five little moonlights jumping on the
bed.
That's like one of them.
Beck said
moonlight grow.
Okay. Well,
thanks for coming to my cat stream,
everyone.
Come here.
And that will continue next time.
No.
Sure. If you so desire.
Uh, bye everyone. Oh, wait.
Bye everyone.
Meow. Meow.